Author: Roy Sorce
Lab Partner: Sarah Sha
Final Project

Tasks:
	The first thing I handled was the setup for the final project. I made sure we imported and included all necessary files and functions from previous labs as well designing a general architecture for our code to follow. This allowed us to easily incorporate new functions into the game instead of requiring us to go back and rewrite everything or certain aspects everytime we needed to make a change. This saved us a lot of time in the long run because we were constantly adding new functionalities. My next task was to handle moving pacman and giving him some sort of directional velocity based on the user's joystick interactions. This was crucial for the game mechanic because if pacman cannot move, then he cannot collect all the candies. After I got pacman moving, I had to make sure he registered barriers on the board so he would properly interact with them. Doing this required storing all the locations (by means of a coordinate struct) of the barriers into an array and checking pacman's current location against them. This allowed it so pacman would not erase the given game board or cheat by running through walls. After having pacman properly interact with his environment, I had to create the candies so pacman could progress levels. This required creating a struct called candy which contains 2 attributes: 1 set of coordinates, and 1 int to determine if that candy was already eaten by pacman. The creation of the candies gave the game some objective and way to progress; without them pacman would eternally be stuck on level 1. I also added the background image to the start screen which was easily added in since we did that for lab9. This made the start screen more interesting and not as bland. 

Technical Challenges:
	  Finding wav files was a bit difficult; a lot of them do not work and break the game because they get stuck in the function trying to read certain audio files. In terms of technical difficulties though, there was not a whole lot to complain about. Also, the performance of the game as we add more ghosts greatly decreases. It significantly slows the game down as more ghosts get added.

Differences:
	I honestly would not change a thing with how we accomplished our tasks or project as a whole. If we had more time, I would like to polish the game to look nicer since we're now just drawing characters to the screen. I did implement drawing an 8x8 pacman by use of an array of colors, but it was significantly smaller than I imagined so we stuck with the characters.
